Fc 1146 event sources (#7)
Templum/developers-community: pages/Documents/DeveloperTools/LivePersonFunctions/EventSources/overview.md

indicator: both
---

> LivePerson Functions can be connected to Conversational Cloud events at the creation time or integrated with conversational bots. Once those functions are deployed, they will be executed whenever these events are triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LivePerson Functions may be listening to Conversation Cloud events or are directly linked to conversational bots. Functions will start reacting to events once they are deployed. Prior to that they are not taking any effect. 
```

### Events Integrations

> Functions can be integrated with other LivePerson systems through events leveraging additional/custom functionalities that can be coded in a function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions can be integrated with other LivePerson systems through events enabling the tailoring of the conversation cloud to your brand's needs. Creating flows and functionality that are not available out of the box.
```

{: .notice}
The amount of functions connected to a specific event is restricted and can be seen in the table below.

> Each event has a specific input (payload) associated with it, that the triggering system will provide at runtime. When using the Invoke screen, this payload is shown on the left-hand side. During development, the event payload of the function is visible on the right-hand side at the sidebar-tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each event has a specific input (payload) associated with it, that the triggering system will provide at runtime. Further we provide a sample payload specific to the event, which will be displayed during the development or in the invocation screen.
```

Reviewer: Also move it above the notice. Directly under the other text

> The amount of functions connected to a specific event is restricted and can be seen in the table below.

Author: I moved to the top

#### Automatic Messages

>  Automatic Messages (also known as System Messages) allows brands to send custom messages during conversations at Conversational Cloud Events (E.g Conversation started, Agent joined conversation, etc.) When any of these events are triggered during a conversation, a function can be invoked if the there is a deployed function associated to that Event. Please see details [here](liveperson-functions-event-sources-automatic-messages.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Automatic Messages (also known as System Messages) allow brands to send custom messages during conversations at Conversational Cloud Events (E.g Conversation started, Agent joined conversation, etc.). When any of these events are triggered during a conversation, a function can be invoked if there is a deployed function associated with that Event. If you want to learn more head over [here](liveperson-functions-event-sources-automatic-messages.html).
```

#### Post Conversation Survey

[Post conversation Survey Bots](conversation-builder-bots-post-conversation-survey-bots.html) collect consumers feedback at the end of a conversation. This integration with Functions occurs when the survey starts and ends. A Survey Bot can be configured in the Conversation Builder. Please see details [here](liveperson-functions-event-sources-post-conversation-survey.html).

|Event Name|Event Description|Event Source|Function Limit| Supports Skills|
|--- |--- |--- |--- |---
|Messaging Survey Started|Triggered when a messaging post survey started.|Survey Bot|1|✅|
|Messaging Survey Ended|Triggered when a messaging post survey ended.|Survey Bot|1|✅|

#### Conversational commands

Conversational Command allows agents to invoke functions during a conversation in the Agent Workspace. please see details [here](liveperson-functions-event-sources-conversational-commands.html).

|Event Name|Event Description|Event Source|Function Limit| Supports Skills|
|--- |--- |--- |--- |---

> |Conversational Command|Use this event to implement a Conversational Command that can be invoked from within the Agent Workspace in Conversational Cloud by typing "/".|Agent Workspace (NAW only)|30|

Reviewer: Write NAW out.
```suggestion
|Conversational Command|Use this event to implement a Conversational Command that can be invoked from within the Agent Workspace in Conversational Cloud by typing "/".|Agent Workspace (NAW only)|30|
```

Author: I removed

> |Conversational Command|Use this event to implement a Conversational Command that can be invoked from within the Agent Workspace in Conversational Cloud by typing "/".|Agent Workspace (NAW only)|30|

Reviewer: Should be checked by martin as well.

#### Third Party Bots

Third party bot are managed through LivePerson's Conversational Cloud and can be displayed as a human agent or a LivePerson bot. You can leverage it with Functions to build custom integrations with other third party bot provider. Please see details [here](liveperson-functions-event-sources-third-party-bots.html).

|Event Name|Event Description|Event Source|Function Limit| Supports Skills|
|--- |--- |--- |--- |---
|Third-Party Bots Custom Integration|Triggered when a bot, which is using the Third-Party Bots' Custom Integration receives a message.|Bot Connector|15|
|Third-Party Bots Post Hook|Triggered when a bot, which is using the Third-Party Bots' Post Hooks receives a message. The function will be invoked after the vendor responded.|Bot Connector|15|
|Third-Party Bots Pre Hook|Triggered when a bot, which is using the Third-Party Bots' Post Hooks receives a message. The function will be invoked before the vendor receives the payload.|Bot Connector|15|

> |Third-Party Bots Error Hook|Triggered when a bot, which is using the Third-Party Bots' Error Hooks is having an issue.|Bot Connector|15|

Reviewer: Let someone from third-party check their part. Never hurts

#### Chat Post Survey

There is only a single event of Chat Post Survey that uses Functions to re-create one of our Legacy features, the ability to conditionally send out transcripts after a chat conversation ended. Please see details [here](liveperson-functions-event-sources-chat-post-survey.html).

|Event Name|Event Description|Event Source|Function Limit| Supports Skills|
|--- |--- |--- |--- |---
|Chat Post Survey E-Mail Transcript|Triggered after a chat conversation is finished and CSAT survey has been submitted.|Chat Service|10|

### Integrations without events

There are other LivePerson systems that can invoke functions without an event associated. Currently Only Conversation Builded Bots can be configured to invoke Functions without event.

#### Conversation builder

> Conversation Builder Bots can be integrated with Functions. If there is some custom logic that can be done with a function, you can do it with Conversation Builder.

Author: changed to this: _Conversation Builder Bots can be integrated with Functions. If there is some custom logic that is not supported by CB platform, this can be done with a function._
